Expect Feature:
1. Has the same basic rules as like the original battleship game.
2. Ships introdutions:
    A. Destroyer
        Size:   2
        Max:    2

        Destroyer can only be placed at Field A (see Field Intro.png).
        If there's any torpedo hit destroyer, then it will sink immediately.

        Destroyer can only fire the flame shell. If enemy ship got hit, then it will start burning until enemy use a round to extinguish it or sink.
        Also, destroyer can only hit Field A and Field B (see Field Intro.png).
        Destroyer can launch torpedo but can only launch 1 per ship.
        Torpedo can attack a whole row in battlefield but it can only attack one ship as the nearest one.
        Torpedo will pass through the sunk ship.
        No matter which way destroyer attack, it will be found by the enemy.
        


    B. Cruiser
        Size:   3
        Max:    3
        
        Cruiser can only be placed at Field A and Field B (see Field Intro.png).
        Cruiser has 3 blocks of size. The middle one as the Armored Area. If therre's any torpedo hit thee Armored Area of cruiserm then it will sink immediately.
        Otherwise, it will just get hit but won't sink

        Cruiser can hit the whole battlefield except Field C (see Field Intro.png).
        


    C. Battleship
        Size:   4
        Max:    2

        Battleship can be placed at anywhere.
        Battleship has 4 blocks of size. The middle two as the Armored Area. If there's any torpedo hit the Armored Area of battleship, then it will sink immediately.
        Otherwise, it will just get hit but won't sink.

        Battleship can hit the whole battlefield.
        If there's any battleship placed at Field A (even just a little bit on it), then it will be found in the beginning, but also enemy destroyer will be found, too.
        If battleship placed parallel to the Enemy Side, then it will get extra move when USER use battlehsip to attack.
        After battleship attack, it need to cost two moves to reload shell.



    D. Aircraft carrier  *Can only attack by planes*
        Size:   4
        Max:    1

        Aircraft carrier can only be placed at Field C (see Field Intro.png).
        Aircraft carrier has 4 blocks of size. The middle two as the Armored Area. If there's any torpedo hit the Armored Area of aircraft carrier, then it will sink immediately.
        Otherwise, it will just get hit but won't sink.

        Aircraft carrier can send out planes to detect, intercept, or bomb enemy's ships.
        If aircraft carrier got hit twice, then it can't send out planes anymore.
        Planes introdutions:
            I.   Detector
            II.  Bomber
            III. Fighter
        Detector can randomly detect one block of the sea, but it need 2 moves to fly and bring back detail.
        Detector can be interceptable.
        If enemy send out detector, then player can make a choice to send fighter to knock it down or not. Same situation if enemy send out bomber.
        Bomber can hit the whole battlefield. But after that, it need to wait 2 moves for next attack.
        Except sending out fighter, send a plane will cost 1 move. It means that after you send a plane, enemy's turn.
        

    E. Supplyship  *Can't attack*  *Experiment*
        Size:   3
        Max:    2
        
        Supplyship can't attack any target.
        If there're any ships around supplyship, then it's attack range +1.


    F. Submarine
        Size:   3
        Max:    2

        Submarine can only be placed at Field A and Field B (see Field Intro.png).
        Submarine can only attack enemy by torpedo while it's under the sea. Otherwise, it can't attack.
        Submarine need to cost 1 move to sink under the sea, and it can only stay for 3 moves. After that, it will float up automatically.
        While submarine is under the sea, it can't be detectable, but still can get hurt.
        If submarine get hit, it will sink immediately.
        